well how did their internet people ASBO
again I want to talk about that shooting
in Dallas you know I'm not a super cop
like I'm sure they got down there
working this case in Dallas I'm sure
they got these highly trained
investigators down there but I watched
me a little bit Andy Griffith and I got
a little bit of experience with Liars
there's two kinds of liars in the world
there's a bad liar
and a bad liar you gotta ask them that
question over and over and over again
to finally get to the truth good liar
prepared liar they're gonna tell you the
truth right upfront at least a little
bit of it makes it easier to lie if you
put a little bit of truth in it so let's
talk about what they say happened she
worked a long day she's tired confused
and I've been there you know I worked
long days and you get grumpy I get you
and I've worked long enough days where
I've been a little bit disoriented it
happens so she gets home goes to the
wrong apartment
walks in because the door is open
because you know there's a lot of cops
go around leaving their door open and
goes inside there's somebody there give
some commands they don't follow me she
kills me okay but see today we found out
something new too according to these
newspapers this lady's filed noise
complaints against this guy before so
let's go back to that story she's worked
a long day she's tired probably wants to
go home go to sleep a little bit grumpy
maybe and she's filed noise complaints
against this guy before I'm not a lawyer
but that sure sounds like motive to me
maybe he's making a little noise
she goes up knocks on the door says let
me in like the witnesses say you know
it's not open because those doors close
automatically at that place he opens the
door and basically tells her to get lost
she doesn't like that so she kills him
that makes a whole lot more sense but I
mean I don't know
I'm not cop but there's one other thing
bothering me about this let's say I'm
tired and I got a gun I just won't go to
sleep and I walk in your house and start
giving you commands there's a word for
that two words actually it's called a
home invasion it's called home invasion
her being a cop doesn't make her walking
in this man's house lawful even if the
door was open when she resorted to
violence assaulted him it's home
invasion so here's the thing
in Texas they don't have murder one a
different kind of system there but you
know what happens if you kill someone
during a home invasion in Texas you're
facing capital murder capital murder
what that means is you're looking at
execution all of a sudden makes a whole
lot of sense when he's cops are acting
this way doesn't it
and in his house unlawfully assaults him
home invasion again I don't know I'm not
a lawyer not a cop years ago I talked to
a guy named Kevin Crosby he's a panther
it was him and a whole bunch of white
people I'm sitting around talking to the
subject of black lives matter and all
the lives of matter came up and he asked
and basically going around in a circle
answering his question you know it gets
to me and I'm like well of course black
lives matter I'll never forget it smart
guy do they that's what he said just the
way that it
we're gonna find out right now we're
gonna find out in texts in Dallas we're
gonna find out if black lives matter
because of this is the amount of justice
they get they don't they don't now
here's the thing one last little thing
that is bothering me they search this
man's home afterward trying to find a
reason to have murdered him this I live
in a South man police corruption down
here it's a sport I've never seen
anything like that and what bothers me
not that it's done I mean everybody's
got friends and friends are gonna cover
for friends Dallas PD is a big
organization not one cop have crossed
the thin blue line to say that's wrong
not one you know you guys always want to
say it's a few bad apples see the thing
is that saying it's not a few bad apples
makes the others look bad it's not a few
bad apples you know and you can just
throw those away and everything will be
okay it's a few bad apple spoils of the
bunch and that certainly appears to have
happened in Dallas because if you're
wearing one of those uniforms and you
let this slide you're just as crooked as
they are it doesn't matter what else you
do you're trying to slander villainize
an unarmed man that was gunned down in
his home
y'all need to think about that
that is why people don't back the blue
anymore
that is why you're not looked at like
Andy Griffith that's why people hate you
plain and simple
yeah the idea that you force enforce
laws that aren't necessarily just has
something to do with it but the fact
that you're crooked has a whole lot more
to do with it anyway
y'all have a good night just something
to think about just a theory
and I really hope there's some justice
in this one